[PR] README.md Token Tutorial Updated (#121)
Mid0aria/owofarmbot: README.md

```

## 💎・Get Token
### PC

> 1. Open Chrome and login to discord.com/app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open your preferred browser (that supports developer tools) and login to https://discord.com/app
```

2. Press CTRL + Shift + i and then click console
3. Paste the following code

> 4. The string provided will be your token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The returned text (excluding the quotes `'`)will be your token.
```

    .find((m) => m?.exports?.default?.getToken !== void 0)

>     .exports.default.getToken();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(webpackChunkdiscord_app.push([[""],{},e=>{for(let t in m=[],e.c)m.push(e.c[t])},]),m).find(e=>e?.exports?.default?.getToken!==void 0).exports.default.getToken();
```

>     .exports.default.getToken();

Reviewer: ```diff
- (webpackChunkdiscord_app.push([
-     [""],
-     {},
-     (e) => {
-         m = [];
-         for (let c in e.c) m.push(e.c[c]);
-     },
- ]),
- m)
-     .find((m) => m?.exports?.default?.getToken !== void 0)
-     .exports.default.getToken();
+ (webpackChunkdiscord_app.push([[""],{},e=>{for(let t in m=[],e.c)m.push(e.c[t])},]),m).find(e=>e?.exports?.default?.getToken!==void 0).exports.default.getToken();
```

```
### Mobile/Android
1. Open chrome
2. Create a bookmark (by clicking on star button in 3 dots menu)
3. Edit it and set name to token finder and url to the following code:
   ```javascript

>    javascript: (webpackChunkdiscord_app.push([    [""],    {},    (e) => {        m = [];        for (let c in e.c) m.push(e.c[c]);    },]),m)    .find((m) => m?.exports?.default?.getToken%20!==%20void%200)%20%20%20%20.exports.default.getToken();

Reviewer: Minify this javascript code as well

   ```
4. Open Discord.com/app (website) and log in.
5. Tap on search bar and type token Finder (don't search it just type)

> 6. A Star Icon with Name Token Fonder will appear
> 7. Click on that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click on the bookmark with name Token Finder.
```

## 📡・Socket Client

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mid0aria/owofarmbot/main/images/socketclient.png)

> Only works on **windows** using **Terminal**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only works on **Windows** using [**Terminal**](https://apps.microsoft.com/detail/9n0dx20hk701)
```
